Matt Isaac
https://files.facepunch.com/tom/1b/nGtxmOinUw.png
Art Manager @ Facepunch Studios
May 21, 2024
Tom is simply one of the best in the business. Tom is an expert on a wide range of 3D, from vehicles to weapons, and all the workflows that accompany each asset. His work is instantly recognisable for it's quality and style, and has inspired many artists to learn 3D. Tom aslo creates excellent breakdowns and tutorials on all aspects of the 3D pipeline, and is especially well known for carrying the standard for Blender, which alongside Tom's easy and informative approach makes even the highest quality work accessible for an eager student.
Matt Isaac, Art Manager at Facepunch
---
Maxime Lebled
https://files.facepunch.com/tombutters/1b2211b1/100100SticklebackThick.png
3D Animator & Artist @ Facepunch Studios
March 04, 2014
Thomas was a pleasure to work with! He's a very talented artist with a broad range of skills, both creative and technical. The characters he created ranged from cartoony monsters to gritty realistic humans, and he made every single one of them interesting, appealing, and very adapted for rigging. His prop/object modeling was equally great; Rust's makeshift weapons wouldn't be the same without him. All in all he was an amazing colleague, team member, and artist.
---
Kostas Zarifis
https://files.facepunch.com/tombutters/1b2211b1/100100BandicootPrime.png
Managing Director @ Rogue Sun
December 04, 2012
Tom joined the team as a Character Art ninja, near the end of the project when we badly needed extra helping hands. Originally Tom would take on some secondary character art tasks to lighten the workload of more senior artists. It quickly became obvious that Tom is one of those artists, who overly talented and skillful for their time working in the industry. As such it wasn't long before Tom was working on critical character art tasks and sharing the workload of senior artists as an equal. With Tom's inherent talent and skills, thirst for further advancing his knowledge and expertise and brilliant communication and work ethic, I have no doubt he will be climbing the industry ladder at a rapid pace. Highly recommended!
---
Taylor Reynolds
https://files.facepunch.com/tom/1b/zMeX7WNwhG.png
Lead Character Artist @ Facepunch Studios
May 22, 2024
Having worked with Tom for the better part of a decade, I'm still routinely blown away by the exceptional quality of his work and his unwavering dedication to his craft. Tom is undoubtedly one of the most talented hard surface artists in the industry, and beyond his technical prowess, Tom is also incredibly generous and passionate about sharing his wealth of knowledge with the wider community. Tom's commitment to excellence and his willingness to uplift others make him not just a phenomenal artist, but also an invaluable asset to our field.